Re-generate autogenerated part of the docs (#313)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/api-reference/save.md

- **`path`** (required) - If not located on LocalFileSystem, then should be
  urior `fs` argument should be provided
- `project` (optional) - path to mlem project (optional)
- `sample_data` (optional) - If the object is a model or function, you

>   canprovide input data sample, so MLEM will include it's schemain the model's

Author: should be fixed in MLEM I suppose

> - `sample_data` (optional) - If the object is a model or function, you
>   canprovide input data sample, so MLEM will include it's schemain the model's

Author: ```suggestion
- `sample_data` (optional) - If the object is a model or function, you can
  provide input data sample, so MLEM will include it's schema in the model's
```
